https://fit.cvut.cz/en/p2d2_2019







česky
english



Czech Technical University in Prague



Faculty of Information Technology






Search this site

Search this site: 












Faculty
Prospective Students
Partners
Student
Employees
Media





Structure
Official notice board
Int. relations
Research
History
Academic Senate
Contacts
Events









 
 › CTU » FIT  » Fakulta » Events » Conferences Organized and Co-organized by FIT » P2D2 » 2019 Novinky    News




Conferences Organized and Co-organized by FITEuromicro DSD/SEAA 2018
Human-Level AI 2018
InstallFest
LinuxDays
P2D2
PESW
Prague Stringology Conference
StringMasters

Informatics Evenings
jsDev Meetups
Strategy in the ICT industry on case studies
Prof. Svoboda Series of Distinguished Lectures
Czech Scala Enthusiasts
Special Lectures
Open Days





Prague PostgreSQL Developers Day 2019 





Prague PostgreSQL Developers Day 2019
The twelveth year of the Prague PostgreSQL Developers Day conference takes place on February 13–14 at the Faculty of Information Technology. The two-day event will offer workshops and lectures about the PostgreSQL open-source database. Magnus Hagander, PostgreSQL Core Team Member and Major Developer, also lectures at the conference. The event is paid and registration is required. The faculty has several free tickets for students available for both Wednesday and Thursday program. For more information, contact Michal Valenta.
Topic
The conference is focused on the relational and open-source PostgreSQL database system. Lectures and workshops are about its usage in practice, basics of administration, news in current versions, configuration, development of stored procedures, migration, flexible indexing, etc.


Crowded auditorium at one of the previous years

Program
The conference program offers workshops and lectures in both Czech and English. The first day is full of half-day workshops for a smaller number of participants. Participants of workshops must explicitly sign up. The second day of the event is devoted to 45-minute lectures.
One of the lecturers is Magnus Hagander, who has a lecture What’s new in PostgreSQL 11 on Thursday, at 9:15. Magnus is PostgreSQL Core Team Member and Major Developer since 1999.
About the Event
The conference is intended for application developers, PostgreSQL database administrators, and students. Admission to workshops is CZK 500. Admission to Thursday lectures is CZK 150 for students and members of the CSPUG, for others it is CZK 350. The payment instructions are described on the registration form.
The faculty has free tickets available for a few students for both days of the program. For serious candidates, it might be free tickets available at Wednesday workshops. If you are interested, please contact Michal Valenta.


Event type
Conference
Organiser
Czech and Slovak PostgreSQL User Group (CSPUG)
Date
February 13–14, 2019
Place
New Building CTU
Thákurova 9, Prague 6
Language
Czech
English
Video
Is not going to be recorded
Event website
Prague PostgreSQL Developers Day 2019


Contact
Prague PostgreSQL Developers Day is held at the Dejvice Campus on the premises of the New Building CTU—Thákurova 9, Prague 6. The conference is organised under the auspices of the Czech and Slovak PostgreSQL User Group (CSPUG). The goal of this association of Czech and Slovak PostgreSQL users is to promote and support the use of this open-source database. If you have any questions about this event, please send an e-mail to info@p2d2.com.



Ing. Michal Valenta, Ph.D.

Organiser of P2D2
Head of the Department of Software Engineering

 michal.valenta@fit.cvut.cz
 +420 22435 9860
 TH:A-924




Person responsible for the content of this page

Ing. Michal Valenta, Ph.D., michal.valenta@fit.cvut.czOrganiser of P2D2




 


Important Links
Sitemap
Contacts



Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube



Questions and comments
webmaster@fit.cvut.cz



 

 



      Last modified: 29.1.2019, 16:20      
           
                          
       






