https://fit.cvut.cz/en/node/1308







česky
english



Czech Technical University in Prague



Faculty of Information Technology






Search this site

Search this site: 












Faculty
Prospective Students
Partners
Student
Employees
Media





Admission Info
Why FIT
Bachelor
Master
PhD
Lifelong Learning
Exchange programme
Open Days









 
 › CTU » FIT  » Prospective Students » Why to study FIT Novinky    News


Why FIT 

	Why Computer Science?
Informatics is a scientific and engineering field for the 21st century that is, becoming more and more an integral part of all spheres of our society. ICT changes our daily lives, it opens new unimaginable possibilities, it has a dramatic impact on everything we do.
	The production volume and employee count of ICT industry is comparable to the automotive industry, and it grows continuously. The number of ICT professionals in the Czech Republic, Europe, and in the world is still lacking behind the needs. The demand for ICT professionals with e-skills keeps growing at a tremendous pace. See, for example, one of many studies reporting this at For Europe, a potential of more than 750,000 new ICT jobs until 2020.

	Simply, people with e-skills are very valued. Employees in ICT companies are very well paid. ICT companies are considered to be the best employers. It is relatively easy to create successful ICT startups. Informatics and ICT jobs is an opportunity for young talents to become successful.

	Why our study programme?
To become a respected ICT professional requires to study theoretical background and to learn many skills. You need background in mathematics, programming skill, problem solving approach, analytical. Our study programmes cover all that. The curriculum consists of theoretical courses (such as combinatorics, automata theory, or graph theory), of computer architecture courses (such as CPU architectures, databases, operating systems, computer security), and programming and software courses. Software is what makes computers flexible and versatile. The art of programming is the skill of the future. Programming languages and frameworks abound, large programs are complex artefacts made by teams, millions of new codelines are created every single day.
	In general, the main goal of our study programme is to equip our graduates with a mix of theoretical knowledge and practical skills to provide the capability to solve real-world problems using engineering methods and modern ICT systems. Our graduates simply know how computers work and why they work that way and how to utilize them efficiently to improve the quality of our lives.
	During the studies, students can decide for one of study branches, In the English programme, we have prepared 3 Bachelor study branches: Computer Science, Web and Software Engineering specialization Software Engineering, Computer Security and Information Technology; and 4 Master study branches: Computer Systems and Networks, Computer Security, Design and Programming of Embedded Systems and Web and Software Engineering, specialization Software Engineering. The study branch curricula have been designed to reflect the latest advancements in informatics.
	Our degree study programmes Informatics have been designed to comply with the recommendations of international informatics curricula authorities. 
	Thanks to the common European model of curricula in Informatics, our graduates can follow many paths after receiving their Bachelor degree. They can choose to continue with their Master’s studies at FIT or anywhere else in the Czech Republic or abroad. Similarly, after receiving the Master degree, they can continue with PhD studies at FIT or elsewhere. Or, they can start their professional career in ICT.

	Why CTU?
FIT is the youngest faculty at the Czech Technical University in Prague, one of the oldest European technical university with more than 300 year history. And not only that, Prague is a beautiful vibrant city with rich architecture and culture heritage in the heart of Europe, see Portal of Prague.
The information about Why to choose CTU is available at http://www.studyatctu.com/ctu/why-choose-ctu/.

	Questions?
Should you have any questions about our study programmes, please feel free to ask.
For questions related to the Bachelor degree programme: bachelor-admissions@fit.cvut.cz
For questions related to the Master degree programme: master-admissions@fit.cvut.cz
For questions related to the PhD programme, please visit the page for PhD applicants.


 


Important Links
Sitemap
Contacts



Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube



Questions and comments
webmaster@fit.cvut.cz



 

 



      Last modified: 16.10.2018, 13:59      
           
                          
       






f cognition and improve their quality of living. 


 
 



   Vital 


 (Martin Klíma) 


 The VITAL project proposes a combination of advanced information and communication technologies that uses a familiar device like the TV as the main vehicle for the delivery of services to elderly users in home environments. Conversely the project use standard mobile phones for applications on the run. The new services offer will depart from traditional assistance schemes in the sense that it is not oriented to satisfying day to day subsistence needs but it considers other important demands that has deserved little attention up to the moment, such as: the need for information, the need for inter-personal communication, the need for personal advice, the need for edutainment, the need to be able to move safely in the physical environment and the need to integrate into the mainstream society. 


 
 



   Aegis 


 (Zdeněk Míkovec) 


 The AEGIS project seeks to determine whether 3rd generation access techniques will provide a more accessible, more exploitable and deeply embeddable approach in mainstream ICT (desktop, rich Internet and mobile applications). This approach is developed and explored with the Open Accessibility Framework (OAF) through which aspects of the design, development and deployment of accessible mainstream ICT are addressed. 


 
 



   CoE SUCESS 


 (Pavel Slavík) 


 Center of Excellence for Accessibility and Usability is form of cooperation between Sun Microsystems, Inc. and Czech Technical University. It will bring more people to the community oriented to software development and accessibility. The results of the Center research and development will possibly directly affect markets with accessible applications and visually impaired developers. The Center can seed new common projects of Sun and CTU. 


 
 



   TextAble 


 (Adam Sporka) 


 The project combines the fields of human–computer interaction and bio-signal processing for research of new methods and user interfaces for text input and editing for use by the motor-impaired people. 



Student projects



   Excursional student seminars in Dresden 


 (Pavel Slavík) 


 University Hochschule für Technik und Wirtschaft Dresden (Fachbereich Mathematik und Informatik) in cooperation with our department has been organizing collective seminars for selected students for many years. These seminars are held annually. Both schools send to the workshops their students from undergraduate and graduate studies. Students have the opportunity to present their best work and exchange information and experience. They can monitor and compare their effort with colleagues from the partner university. They can also come into contact with the latest technologies at the partner university and establish new cooperation. 


 
 



   Central European Seminar on Computer Graphics 


 (Jiří Bittner) 


 The main idea of CESCG is to bring undergraduate students who are interested in computer graphics together across the borders of universities and countries. The seminar is also intended to be an international event, where students can present their excellent work to other students. Actively participating students are, therefore, required to have studied computer science (or something similar) for at least five or six semesters. Sufficient expertise in giving a talk as well as reasonable knowledge of the English language is also required for active participation. 


 
 



   IBM CVUT Student Research Projects 


 (Pavel Slavík) 


 The program, in which the students work closely with IBM specialists on research projects, started in 2005 and it has been organized twice a year since then. Students are encouraged to work on selected projects. Besides financial awards the students are given a chance to work in close partnership with the experts of the IBM’s Voice Recognition Research Centre in Prague. The topics for student projects are formulated jointly by CVUT and IBM, mostly in the domain of usability, user interface design and voice technologies field. The majority of the projects are term projects integrated to the standard curriculum courses. Some of the projects are also BSc and MSc project. The projects can be solved individually or in teams. Focus is given to the larger team projects with higher impact. 



Finished projects



   Augmented Reality in School Environments (ARiSE) 


 (Jiří Žára) 


 The project aims at integrating an AR teaching platform into the everyday environment of teachers and students, displaying audiovisual and multimedia content in line with the needs identified by education experts and researchers in the relevant areas. Using 3D presentations and userfriendly interaction techniques will lead to a better understanding of scientific and cultural content coupled with high student motivation. 


 
 



   Enhanced Learning Unlimited (ELU) 


 (Pavel Slavík) 


 The Enhanced Learning Unlimited (ELU) project intends to develop and validate the use of Interactive Digital TV (iDTV) system for t-learning as one of the key application areas for the societal and economical development of the enlarged Europe. 


 
 



   Mobile Knowledge Management (MUMMY) 


 (Pavel Slavík) 


 MUMMY was a project, funded by the European Commission (EC) and the Federal Office for Education and Science (BBW) in Switzerland, to research and develop means to improve the efficiency of mobile business processes through mobile, personalied knowledge management. 


 
 



   Virtual Heart of Central Europe (VHCE) 


 (Jiří Žára) 


 The aim of this project was to digitally reconstruct selected significant objects of cultural heritage in four European cities Prague, Bratislava, Maribor and Graz and save them for the future in a public digital archive. The goal was focused on architectural verticals of the cities. Therefore the subtitle of the project was Towers and Wells. The presentation of five historical objects from the city of Prague has been created using several interactive technologies. 









Person responsible for the page content: Ing. Jiří Bittner, Ph.D.




 




          en/research/main.txt (34154 ) · Last modified: 16.02.2016 -  09:54 by Míkovec Zdeněk          






					Karlovo náměstí 13
					121 35 Praha 2, Česká Republika
					tel: +420 2 2435 7557,   fax: +420 2 2435 7556










