https://fit.cvut.cz/fakulta/pravidelne_akce/prednaskovy-cyklus-prof-svobody/ciesielski







česky
english



České vysoké učení technické v Praze



Fakulta informačních technologií






Hledání

Hledání: 












Fakulta
Aktuálně
Zájemci o studium
Student
Zaměstnanec
Média





Kalendář
Akce a události
Soutěže
Projekty









 
 › ČVUT » FIT  » Aktuálně » Akce a události » Přednášky a semináře » Přednáškový cyklus prof. Svobody » Maciej Ciesielski Novinky    News




Přehled pravidelných akcí
Konference pořádané a spolupořádané FIT
Přednášky a seminářeInformatické večery
Přednáškový cyklus prof. Svobody
jsDev Meetups
SEDMA
aDev Meetups
Grafické čtvrtky
Czech Scala Enthusiasts
SKAMATI
Microsoft Student Partner
Jednorázové akce

Akce pro zájemce o studium
Sportovní akce
Ostatní akce





Prof. Maciej Ciesielski 



Professor, Department of Electrical & Computer Engineering, University of Massachusetts

http://www.ecs.umass.edu/ece/labs/vlsicad/ciesielski.h

	 

	Professor Maciej Ciesielski received M.S. in Electrical Engineering from Warsaw Technical University, Poland, in 1974 and Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from the University of Rochester, New York state, in 1983. He is currently Professor in the Department of Electrical & Computer Engineering  at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, where he also holds a function of Associate Department Head.


		 

		Prior to joining UMass in September 1987, he was a Member of Technical Staff at GTE Laboratories, Waltham, Massachusetts, working from 1983 to 1986 on the SILC silicon compiler, an early competitor to Synopsys' Design Compiler. In 1986 he joined the University of Lowell, now part of the University of Massachusetts system, and in 1987 took a faculty position at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst.

		 

		His research interest includes several areas of electronic design automation (EDA) for VLSI circuits: physical design automation, logic and high level synthesis, formal verification, and parallel simulation. He has published over 90 journal and conference papers and several book chapters and his work has been cited in over 1550 papers. His research has been sponsored by NSF and industry. He consulted for several companies, including Digital Equipment Corporation (later Compaq), Avery Design Systems, and others. Some of his work has been adapted by EDA vendors and semiconductor companies and his techniques and algorithms have been implemented in commercial software products (Avery Design Systems), and in proprietary tools developed by semiconductor industry (Digital Equipment Corporation, Samsung, EVE, Synopsys). 

		 

		Throughout his 28-year academic career Dr. Ciesielski has taught over 3,500 students, and graduated 18 Ph.Ds, and several MS students. In 2013 he received a Residential First-Year Experience Student Choice Award at UMass. In 2008 he received Doctorate Honoris Causa, from Universite de Bretagne Sud, Lorient, France, for his contribution to the development of EDA tools for high level synthesis. 

		 

		Dr. Ciesielski is particularly active in international collaboration, working on research projects or teaching summer courses at: Universite de Montpellier/LIRMM, France; Universite de Bretagne Sud, Lorient; Universite de Rennes/ENSSAT, Lannion, France; and Technische Universitat Kaiserslautern, Germany, where he has been delivering Erasmus Mundus Distinguished Lecture series in Embedded Systems during the summer since 2012. 

		 

		Dr. Ciesielski is a senior member of IEEE, Circuits and Systems Society.

		 

 


 


Důležité odkazy
Mapa stránek
Kontakty
Partneři
Časopis Buď FIT



Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube



Připomínky a náměty
webmaster@fit.cvut.cz



 

 



      Poslední změna: 26.10.2015, 13:14      
           
                          
       






