https://www.suz.cvut.cz/en/








czen





Dormitories
Canteens
Hotels
Congress Services
Others
Pricelist
Docs
FAQ
Contact












The Service Facilities Administration of the Czech Technical University in Prague

Welcome to the CTU - Service Facilities Administration´s website. Are you a student looking for accommodation in Prague? Are you a CTU freshman? Are you interested in organizing a convention? Are you looking for a suitable venue for your corporate event? Then you have come to the right place. 


The Service Facilities Administration (SFA) is in charge of administering dormitories, canteens and sports facilities. We have sufficient capacities at our disposal to provide catering, conventions and other events. 




News 

16.04.2019 |  Open Fridays of the CTU SFA director

    Every first Friday of the month there is an Open day of the CTU SFA director, held in the director's office. Come to discuss your suggestions, observations or complaints with the CTU SFA director between 8 and 12 am. Approximately 15 minutes are allotted for each meeting. We're beginning on Friday the 3rd of May 2019.
  

12.04.2019 |  CTU SFA on Twitter

    Dear students,
from now on you can follow us on Twitter: @CtuSfa


01.04.2019 |  Measles – facts about the disease

    In connection with measles occurrence in the Czech Republic, the Hygiene station of the capital city of Prague issued this warning.
  

01.03.2019 |  Term for on-line applications for accommodation AY 19/20

    Term for on-line applications for AY 19/20 WAITING LIST: "2019-2020" and for internship or exchange students for the WS AY 19/20 WAITING LIST: "Erasmus+ & Exchange Winter 2019" starts from 1. 3. 2019. For login use ISKAM4.
  
Older news





Administered Facilities

Mega Buf Fat
Bufet Snack Bar
ArchiCafé
The Studentský dům Cafeteria
The Technická menza Cafeteria
The Kladno Cafeteria
The Strahov Canteen
The Strahov Dormitory
The Bubeneč Dormitory
The Orlík Dormitory
The Sinkuleho Dormitory
The Masarykova Dormitory
The Masarykova Dormitory
The Masarykova Dormitory
The Dejvice Dormitory
The Bethlehem Chapel
The Novoměstský Hotel***

The Karlovo náměstí Meal Issue Counter
The Hlávkova Dormitory
The Horská Meal Issue Counter
The Podolí Canteen
The Podolí Dormitory


Dormitories
Canteens
Others


The Strahov Dormitory: is located right next to the Great Strahov Stadium.
The Podolí Dormitory: is located in a quiet part of Prague 4. 
The Dejvice Dormitory:  is located within a 5 minutes’ walk from Vítězné náměstí Square. Close to the campus!
The Orlík Dormitory: is located in a pleasant location of Prague 6 not far from the university and the Bubeneč dormitory.
The Bubeneč Dormitory: is located in a pleasant location of Prague 6 near the university and the Orlík dormitory. 
The Sinkuleho Dormitory: is directly adjacent to Technická Street, close to the Faculty of Electrical Engineering and the Faculty of Mechanical Engineering. 
The Masarykova Dormitory: located right next to the Dejvice Dormitory. Accommodation is also provided to couples. 
The Masarykova Dormitory: a canteen is part of the dormitory.
The Masarykova Dormitory: offers hotel-type accommodation.
The Hlávkova Dormitory: is located in the city centre. It is used mostly by post-graduate students.
The Bethlehem Chapel: is located at Betlémské náměstí Square. It is used for ceremonies. 
The Novoměstský Hotel: A hotel in the Prague city centre. It offers an excellent accessibility to the city centre. 

The Studentský dům Canteen: This large student canteen is located right on the CTU and the Institute of Chemical Technology (ICT) campuses.
ArchiCafé: New café in the building of Faculty of Architecture.
The Technická menza Canteen: Another large canteen can be found right next to the CTU and ICT campuses
The Strahov Canteen: A canteen on the Strahov dormitory grounds. 
The Podolí Canteen: A canteen on the Podolí dormitory grounds.
The Karlovo náměstí Meal Issue Counter: is located in the yard of the CTU grounds.
The Horská Meal Issue Counter: is part of the Faculty of Mechanical Engineering and the Faculty of Transportation Sciences at Horská.
The KOKOS Restaurant, the Kladno Canteen: A canteen in Kladno for students of the Faculty of Biomedical Engineering.
Mega Buf fat : The Big Buff Fat Café is located in the building of the Faculty of Transportation Services in Dejvice.
Snack Bar Café: is located at the main building of the FSA CTU on the Strahov dormitory grounds.


Would you like to use our services?

Any student of the Czech Technical University in Prague (CTU) or any other university can apply for student accommodation; all you have to do is fill in the application for accommodation.

If you are looking for hostel and hotel type of accommodation, please visit our commercial website. If you are interested in using our congress and catering services, we would be happy to send you a customized quote. General information can be found under Congresses.




Contact Information
Accommodation Department
Phone:+420 234 678 387
E-mail:ubytovani@suz.cvut.cz


Catering Department
Phone:+420 234 678 367
E-mail:bohuslav.vlcek@cvut.cz

More contacts





STUDENT ACCOUNT
To log in, please go to the ISKaM system using the button below.


Log In




 Insulation of the Strahov Dormitory 
Student long-term  accommodation
Hotel & Hostel  accommodation
SFA IntranetFailures reporting
Canteens Daily Menus

﻿
Partners

















				 All rights reserved, web content, comments and questions, CTU SFA © 2010 - 2019
				Web solution by C-Design on MCMS © 2010
		
			


Dormitories:

The Strahov Dormitory
The Podolí Dormitory
The Dejvice Dormitory
The Orlík Dormitory
The Bubeneč Dormitory
The Sinkuleho Dormitory
The Hlávkova Dormitory
The Masarykova Dormitory




Canteens:

The Studentský dům Canteen
The Technická menza Canteen
The Strahov Canteen
The Podolí Canteen
The Masarykova Dormitory
The Kladno Canteen
The la fontanella Pizzeria
The Karlovo náměstí Meal Issue Counter
The Horská Meal Issue Counter








