http://pesw.fit.cvut.cz/2017/







PESW 2017
The 5th Prague Embedded Systems Workshop
June 29-30, 2017
		Roztoky u Prahy, Czech Republic



About
Call for papers
Committees
Important dates
Submission
Registration
Program
Keynotes

Venue
Social Event
Photos
Sponsors
Contacts


PESW 2016
PESW 2015
PESW 2014
ESW 2013



   
      ﻿

BACKGROUND

The Prague Embedded Systems Workshop is a research meeting organized for the 5th time already, which is intended for the presentation of Ph.D. students’ results and partial progress in their research in the field of all aspects of embedded systems design, testing and applications. The workshop is organized by members of the Department of Digital Design of the youngest faculty (Faculty of Information Technology) of the oldest technical university in Central Europe, the Czech Technical University in Prague. The first impulse to organize the Embedded Systems Workshop was the cooperation with the Tel Aviv University. Now the main aim of the workshop is to expand the collaboration between different universities not only inside EU, especially in the field of embedded systems research. The PESW workshop will be based on oral presentations and will be focused on mutual communication and discussions.


SCOPE
The workshop PESW 2017 addresses emerging issues, hot problems, new solution methods, and their hardware and software implementations in the fields of digital and mixed-signal system design. It is especially focused on dependable and low power design, and testing methods related to the SoC technology and modern embedded applications. The workshop topics include (but are not limited to):

Programmable/re-configurable/adaptable architectures
SoC and NoC design and testing
Digital design optimization methods
Architectures and hardware for security applications
On-line and off-line error detection and correction
Fault-tolerant control systems design methods
Testability and reliability analysis
Logic synthesis and optimization
Diagnosis & testing of embedded systems
Verification of embedded systems
Mission-critical & real-time systems
Heterogeneous Cyber-Physical Systems
Robotic control
Applications of (embedded) digital systems.

Special Session on Network Security:

Algorithms and methods for anomaly detection
Network monitoring and measurements
Network traffic processing and analysis
Security and privacy issues
Security issues of Internet of Things

SUBMISSION & TYPES OF PAPERS
There will be three types of submissions at PESW 2017:

Full papers (up to 10 pages, single-column) describing original research.
Abstracts (one page, single-column) of earlier published successfully presented papers (at conferences, journals, etc.). The original source should be indicated in the abstracts.
Student posters - abstracts of defended Bc. and MSc. Theses with subsequent poster presentation. Will not be included in the Proceedings.

PESW 2017 Student Poster Session
The objective of the Student Poster Session at the PESW Workshop is to
provide a forum for presentation of student works defended this or in the last
year (since summer 2016). The presented works must be Bachelor or
Master Theses from the field of Embedded Systems.

The Poster Session is organized by the IEEE Student Branch at the Czech
Technical University in Prague. Best posters will be rewarded by
valuable prizes donated by IEEE.

For the list of awarded students see the IEEE Student Branch.


Session Chair:
Jan Belohoubek, jan.belohoubek@fit.cvut.cz












