http://neuro.felk.cvut.cz









Toggle Navigation





compNeuroGroup




Home
Research
Team
Publications
Software
Media
Mailinglist









Computational Neuroscience research group



Our Aims
Welcome to the website of the computational neuroscience group at the Dept. of Cybernetics at the FEE CTU in Prague. We focus on studying the physiology and pathophysiology of the human brain, mostly those of patients suffering from Parkinson disease (PD) or dystonia, and treated with the deep brain stimulation (DBS). By analyzing and modeling single neuron recordings and fMRI data, our aim is to better understand how the brain and DBS work. We also develop methods of data processing, transformation, and analysis.
We strongly cooperate with Department of Neurology, 1st Faculty of Medicne and General Teaching Hospital, namely with prof.Jech and his group.
Research topics
more on our research can be found at the research page.
Currently we focus on the following topics:

Emotion-related neurons of the human subthalamus
Nuclei identification from the microelectrode EEG
Artifact detection in the microEEG
Objective setting of DBS stimulation parameters
Spike sorting methods
UPDRS score objectivization

Team members
more at the team page

Daniel Novák, PhD - group leader
Tomáš Sieger, PhD - researcher
Jiří Wild, PhD - researcher
Eduard Bakštein, PhD - researcher
Jakub Schneider - PhD student
Jiří Vošmik - master student

CompNeuro mailing list
We also manage a mailing list oriented on the local computational neuroscience community, see the compNeuro list info page and the sign-up/admin page. Sign-up is open to all interested researchers.
Contact us
Daniel Novák
group head
	Tel +420 224 357 314,
xnovakd1@labe.felk.cvut.cz





Our Projects

Find out more about our projects at the research page


Contact us
Daniel Novák
		group head
Tel +420 224 357 314
xnovakd1@labe.felk.cvut.cz

 








We Belong to

Dept. of Cybernetics
Faculty of Electrical Engineering
Czech Technical University in Prague


Contact us
Daniel Novák
		group head
		Tel +420 224 357 314,
xnovakd1@labe.felk.cvut.cz


Physical address
Czech Technical University,
		Faculty of Electrical Engineering,
		Department of Cybernetics
		Karlovo namesti 13, 121 35, Prague 2, Czech Republic

 





Powered by: GetSimple CMS












