http://datalab.fit.cvut.cz










LOGO




 










HomeNewsEventsEducationResearchPartners & SponsorsPeopleCompany LabsContact us















 




 
AIBirds 2015 Champion 
Team Datalab Birds did it again!
Read more

 
16.06.2017 at 11:00 - Matchmaking and info meeting (TH:A1435) 
27.06.2017 at 16:30 -  Selection of projects for funding (TH:A1435)
Read more


















			Our Mission		
Data Science Laboratory is a research platform of Faculty of Information Technology, Czech Technical University in Prague. The mission of our laboratory is to create an environment, where people can share their enthusiasm for research and development in the field of data science. The environment (both physical and virtual) allows you to build on the top of results produced by your colleagues opening new opportunities and accelerating the research. If you are willing to take this opportunity and prepared to share results of your research so other can also benefit, join us.
The lab explores various disciplines that intersect in data science. The research at the lab engages in all steps towards making sense of data and extracting knowledge; data collection, data processing and preprocessing, data analyses, modelling and visualisation; each one of it having data science integrated in itself. Its main focus lies in the research of data mining and machine learning algorithms (segmentation, classification, prediction, recommendation, anomaly detection) and their scalability as well as design of scalable infrastructures to perform computations. The lab fosters applied research by bringing together faculty, students and industry partners in joint research projects. It is also closely linked with the Computational Intelligence and Machine Learning research group.

Education - The laboratory aims at educating data scientists in both theoretical and practical skills for developing state of the art data mining solutions.
Basic Research - We are pursuing several research projects to develop and publish original results in data science.
Applied Research - We collaborate with industry on regular basis verifying impact of our solutions and getting feedback for further research.
Development - Most of our members are also engineers capable of implementing working prototypes of algorithms that can demonstrate their benefit in industry or other institutions.












Data Mining 

Researching data mining algorithms at any scale.
Read more >>



Data Analysis

Delivering personalised reports and dashboards.
Read More >>




Big Data

Scalable infrastructures and real-time algorithms.
Read More >>




Machine Learning 
 
Improving machine learning for data mining challenges.
Read More >> 











Join the program Cooperation with Industry!At CTU FIT, we are transforming the way how university collaborates with external partners. With our new portal, you can directly cooperate with our students, find the most talented ones, influent their study and make them part of your team before they graduate.The portal can also help you to build a team of senior students which can pursue reserch in directions that you specify. We offer students and staffs with project management skills and senior research staffs that can consult these projects on regular bases. Students and teams working on your projects can benefit from university infrastructures. The Data Science Laboratory is a place, where data oriented students and teams work together, share expertise and common facilities.
Contact us to join the programe, access the most talented students and have your research projects solved under the DATA Science Laboratory











                                Follow Us                            










 





Copyright (c) Data Science Laboratory @ FIT CTU 2014–2016. All rights reserved.





JavaScript is currently disabled.Please enable it for a better experience of Jumi.
