https://fit.cvut.cz/en/node?page=1







česky
english



Czech Technical University in Prague



Faculty of Information Technology






Search this site

Search this site: 












Faculty
Prospective Students
Partners
Student
Employees
Media





Structure
Official notice board
Int. relations
Research
History
Academic Senate
Contacts
Events









 
 › CTU » FIT  » Faculty Novinky    News







News




iKariéra Fair

       -   
  
09.04.2019


On Apr. 9–10, the next year of the iKariéra job fair takes place on the premises of the CTU faculties in Dejvice Campus. The event is going to be attended by up to 190 companies, and a lecture by TEDx speaker Marcus Orlovsky is prepared for you in the accompanying program. The event is organised by IAESTE ČVUT Praha.







Cross Campus & International Day

       -   
  
16.04 2019


The fifth year of the Cross Campus relay race takes place on Apr. 16. The FIT teams can also represent the faculty at the CTU Clash of Faculties competition. Within the International Day program, you will find useful information about travelling abroad or get to know international students who will introduce you to their culture.







Prof. R. Lórencz Became the TOP IT Personality of 2018

       -   
  
29.03.2019


Server Computerworld put prof. Róbert Lórencz among the TOP 30 IT Personalities of 2018. At the faculty, R. Lórencz is the Head of the new Department of Information Security and the Guarantor of the Computer Security master branch.




FIT Party

       -   
  
02.04.2019


On Apr. 2 at 19:30, the FIT++ student club organises FIT Party: The Vagner’s Nth Symphony. During the evening you can enjoy the musical performances of the bands Jedno, Šmitcový kvartet, and DJ George Osgar. The party takes place in Klubovna Povaleč in Dejvice, and the entrance fee is voluntary.







Clash of Faculties—Basketball

       -   
  
06.04.2019


On Apr. 6, the fifth tournament of the Clash of Faculties, this time in the basketball, takes place on the Strahov Dormitory premises. Sign in and come to support the Faculty of Information Technology, which is only one point behind the first place in the interim results.







The Incidence of Measles at CTU

       -   
  
27.03.2019


In connection with the measles incidence of CTU students and employees, the Prague Public Health Station issued a warning. If you suspect measles disease, stay home and do not spread the disease further. Contact a doctor and follow his instructions.




User Authentication—Passwords and Beyond

       -   
  
25.03.2019


On Mar. 25, Jim Fenton, a leading expert on user-centric identity and Internet privacy, is presenting a lecture on the widest-deployed way of authenticating users—about passwords. He will describe their advantages and disadvantages or the possibilities of supplementing them. The lecture takes place within the FIT Informatics Evenings from 19:00 in the T9:107 auditorium.






 page 2 / 24

 




       
Supercomputer With the Highest Performance for AI


The computer cluster with the highest performance for artificial intelligence research in the Czech Republic was built as part of the Research Center for Informatics (RCI) project of the Faculty of Information Technology and the Faculty of Electrical Engineering. This supercomputer worth CZK 41.6 million is located in the underground of the FEE building on Karlovo náměstí. With its 6 PetaFLOPS performance, scientists can research deep learning methods such as robotics and bioinformatics applications, developing computer security applications, or managing autonomous cars.
Press release on the new computer cluster (only in Czech)

We Opened the Department of Information Security


The Faculty of Information Technology, CTU became the first faculty in the Czech Republic, which founded the Department of Information Security—a specialised workplace for the study of IT security. The department specialises in network and system security, cryptology, hardware and software security. At present, the new department also offers four professional laboratories—Hardware Laboratory, RFID Laboratory, Forensic Analysis Laboratory, and Ethical Hacking Laboratory. The head of the department is prof. Róbert Lórencz.
Read more about the Department of Information Security
Press release on the opening of the Department of Information Security (only in Czech)

InstallFest 2019


The eleventh year of the InstallFest conference takes place on March 2–3 at the Faculty of Electrical Engineering, CTU, at Karlovo náměstí. The Linux community meeting offers a rich program with lectures and workshops not only on topics of computer security and the Internet. Among the lecturers, there are traditionally employees and students of our faculty, e.g. Lukáš Bařinka, Tomáš Čejka, Martin Bílý, and Karel Jílek. In addition to the open technologies, the conference also offers open food—OpenCola. The event is free of charge, but registration is required.
Read more about InstallFest 2019

Prague PostgreSQL Developers Day 2019


The twelveth year of the Prague PostgreSQL Developers Day conference takes place on February 13–14 at the Faculty of Information Technology. The two-day event will offer workshops and lectures about the PostgreSQL open-source database. Magnus Hagander, PostgreSQL Core Team Member and Major Developer, also lectures at the conference. The event is paid and registration is required. The faculty has several free tickets for students available for both Wednesday and Thursday program. For more information, contact Michal Valenta.
Read more about the Prague PostgreSQL Developers Day 2019



 


Important Links
Sitemap
Contacts



Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube



Questions and comments
webmaster@fit.cvut.cz



 

 



      Last modified: 24.4.2019, 15:32      
           
                          
       






