http://cmp.felk.cvut.cz/~kybic/proposed.html













Jan Kybic
Available positions


 




Home
Available positions
CV
Contacts & agenda
Funding
Personal
Publications
Research
Students & Collaborators
Teaching

 




If you are interested by any of the positions advertised below, please send me your CV, recommendation letters, sample publications, study result reports and other relevant documents.
Here are examples
of semestral, bachelor, and master thesis projects I am offering.


Multimodal digital pathology
The current methods in digital pathology try to model the human expert
approach for understanding the histopathology images and to propose a number
of quantitative descriptors of the images. However, this approach provides a
limited view on the underlying biology and will likely lag behind the human
expertise in interpreting the histopathology image data for the foreseeable
future.
On the other hand, nowadays a biological sample is characterized by a richer
set of features raging from clinical to molecular information. It is not
uncommon to have whole-genome expression data, mutational and clinical data
available for analysis.
In this context, the present project aims at combining gene expression,
clinical and imaging features to provide a more comprehensive description of
the pathology slides, description that will rather complement than replace
the usual pathologist assessment. This represents a paradigm shift in
digital pathology and is expected to advance the current state of the art.
Using gene expression data to guide the development, the project will create
and implement novel software tools for histopathology image analysis. The
utility of the resulting methods will be evaluated in collaboration with an
expert pathologist. In collaboration with  Vlad Popovici
Requirements: image processing; Java/Python; pattern recognition


Identification of tumor cells in microscope images
(PhD or master thesis topic) A typical histopathology slide contains not only tumor cells but also normal
tissue cells and other regions of less interest from a diagnostic
perspective. Thus, one of the tasks a pathologists performs routinely is the
identification of tumor regions in the microscope slide (if there are any)
and eventually delineating them for further analysis.
The purpose of the project is to produce the software tools that would
automate the identification of tumor cells in digital images of H&E-stained
microscope slides. These tools will be applied to high resolution images of
colon cancer samples and they will need to demonstrate high performance
(detection rate and computation time) in order to be accepted by the
pathologists. In collaboration with  Vlad Popovici
Requirements: image processing; Java/Python; pattern recognition


Nuclear morphology in digital pathology
(Part of a PhD thesis or a master thesis topic) The type of cells and the morphology of their nuclei are key variables
that are considered by the pathologist when assessing a tissue
sample. The standard staining of the histopathology slides reveals the
regions containing nuclei, but precisely segmenting their contours
remains a non-trivial task.
The purpose of the project is to produce the software tools that would
automatically segment and identify the nuclei in digital pathology images.
The identified nuclei will be then characterized in terms of shape,
orientation, budding, etc, to help the human expert in assessing the tumor
sample. These tools will be applied to high resolution images of colon
cancer samples and they will need to demonstrate high performance (detection
rate and computation time) in order to be accepted by the
pathologists. In collaboration with  Vlad Popovici.
Requirements: image processing; Java/Python; pattern recognition


Fast and precise motion estimation
We are looking for a PhD or postdoc candidate for a joint project  with Prof. Rudolf Mester.


Analysis of images in biology and medicine
I am constantly looking for new PhD students, post-docs, or
experienced independent programmers for various projects
concerning analysis of images in biology and medicine, for example
histology slice registration or perfusion CT data processing. The
candidates should have excellent knowledge of programming, mathematics, and
image processing.


 
 



                Page last modified Tue May 29 00:40:32 2018.
                

                Created by rest2web.
Website
                    template
                  by Arcsin (modified)

 
 
 








