http://cmp.felk.cvut.cz





Skip to content



 CMP
Center for Machine Perception @ CTU in Prague
Menu and widgets




About
Groups
People
Seminars
Library
Events for others
Contacts
 



Search for:



 







About the Center for Machine Perception 

Center for Machine Perception (CMP) is a virtual research center at the Czech Technical University in Prague. CMP has been an informal body headed by Václav Hlaváč since its foundation in 1996.
CMP comprises scientists sharing common interests in computer vision, pattern recogniton, machine learning, and autonomous robotics from the following groups
At the Faculty of Electrical Engineering, Department of Cybernetics

Biomedical imaging algorithms (head Jan Kybic)
Machine learning (head Boris Flach)
Vision for robotics and autonomous systems (head Tomáš Svoboda)
Visual recognition (head Jiří Matas)

At the Czech Institute of Informatics, Robotics and Cybernetics, Robotics and Machine Perception Department

Applied algebra and geometry (head Tomáš Pajdla, also Josef Šivic)
Robot perception (head Václav Hlaváč)

The mission of CMP is to provide and develop a stimulating and open research environment for groups and scientists sharing common interests. CMP facilitates scientific collaboration and joint research projects, pursues ambitious common scientific objectives. CMP helps educating and promoting young scientists and their research. CMP is committed to the principles of academic freedom and follows the rules of good scientific practice.
CMP activities include:


Common scientific seminars, workshops and colloquia
Active contributions to Ph.D. education
Shared infrastructure (computing resources, labs)
Shared CMP library located at the Faculty of Electrical Engineering, Department of Cybernetics, Karlovo náměstí campus
Coorganization of the Computer Vision Winter Workshop

CMP is steered by the board. The CMP board decides about the membership, policies and services. The CMP board appoints a head. CMP services are supported by a thin administrative support, the CMP secretariat.







(C) Center for Machine Perception @ the Czech Technical University in Prague powered by WordPress










