https://fit.cvut.cz/en/faculty/structure







česky
english



Czech Technical University in Prague



Faculty of Information Technology






Search this site

Search this site: 












Faculty
Prospective Students
Partners
Student
Employees
Media





Structure
Official notice board
Int. relations
Research
History
Academic Senate
Contacts
Events









 
 › CTU » FIT  » Fakulta » Structure Novinky    News




Departments
Scientific Council
Disciplinary Committee
Dean’s Office





Faculty Structure 

The faculty is managed by autonomous official bodies headed by the Dean. The FIT is divided into departments and research, service and administrative offices. The details of the faculty structure are laid down in the FIT Statute (available only in Czech). Other official bodies are the Academic Senate, the Scientific Council, and the Disciplinary Committee.






image/svg+xml







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Departments
Departments constitute the basic organizational unit of the faculty. Their mission is to guarantee the scope of study fields and to support the scientific activity. The department consists of university teachers. A Head of the department is selected in a tender and named by the Dean.

Department of Theoretical Computer Science
Department of Software Engineering
Department of Digital Design
Department of Computer Systems
Department of Applied Mathematics
Department of Information Security

Research Lab
The scope of a research lab is creative scientific-research and development activity. The lab consists of academic and scientific staff and other support staff providing administrative and technical operations. A Head of the research lab is named and dismissed by the Dean.

Programming Research Lab

Service Office
The basic scope of a service office is the support of the teaching and scientific-research activities of departments. A Head of the service office is named and dismissed by the Dean.

Office of ICT Services

Dean’s Office
The Dean's Office is an executive body for the provision of economic, operational and personnel activities. The Dean's Office is further divided into offices. These offices are managed by the Dean, the Bursar or the Vice-Dean. There is also an official notice board in the premises of Dean's Office.

Dean’s Secretariat and Mailroom
Bursar and Financial Services
Office of Public Relations

Vice-Deans’ Offices
Vice-Deans’ Offices are administrative workplace providing study, operational, scientific and research activities. The Head of the office is a Vice-Dean, who is named by the Dean on the basis of discussion in the Academic Senate. In addition, the Vice-Deans are empowered to act on matters relating to the faculty in a defined field of activity.

Office of Study
Office of Science and Research
Office of External Affairs
Office for Cooperation with Industry
Office of Development


Person responsible for the content of this page
Markéta Loučková, marketa.louckova@fit.cvut.czDean’s Secretary



 


Important Links
Sitemap
Contacts



Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube



Questions and comments
webmaster@fit.cvut.cz



 

 



      Last modified: 19.10.2018, 16:49      
           
                          
       






