https://fit.cvut.cz/research







česky
english



Czech Technical University in Prague



Faculty of Information Technology






Search this site

Search this site: 












Faculty
Prospective Students
Partners
Student
Employees
Media





Structure
Official notice board
Int. relations
Research
History
Academic Senate
Contacts
Events









 
 › CTU » FIT  » Fakulta » Research » Research groups Novinky    News




Announcements
How to become a Ph.D.
Important dates
Basic information about the Informatics DSP
Board of the doctoral study program Informatics (BDSP)
Comprehensive Doctoral Examination
Information for new Ph.D. students
Legislation at FIT (DSP)
Study modules
Enrolment
Forms Download
Research groupsApplied Numerics and Cryptology
Arbology
Centre for Conceptual Modelling and Implementation
Computational Intelligence
Digital Design & Dependability
Networking
Parallel and Distributed Computing
Prague Stringology Club
Web Intelligence
Network Visualization
3D Print
Open Data






Research groups 
Research and development activities are carried out in 11 research groups and 2 student research laboratories:


Applied Numerics and Cryptology Research Group

Arbology Research Group

Centre for Conceptual Modelling and Implementation

Computational Intelligence Research Group

Digital Design & Dependability Research Group

Networking Research Group

Parallel and Distributed Computing Research Group

Prague Stringology Club

Web Intelligence Research Group

Network Visualization Laboratory

3D Print Laboratory

Open Data Laboratory

	The goal of FIT is to become a research oriented faculty, whose research results are recognized in the international community and whose researchers are actively participating in international research projects, publish in impacted journals and reviewed conferences. Given the structure of research activities and the history of the individual research groups at FIT, a large portion of our scientific and research work is oriented towards basic research.
	Members of our research groups participate in organizations of research conferences as IPC members. But in addition to that, several scientific conferences were organised in Prague by members of our teams within last few years. Examples include CryptArchi Workshop 2009, FPL2009 (International Conference on Field Programmable Logic and Applications), TOOLS2012 (International Conference on Objects, Models, Components, Patterns), or ARCS2013 (International Conference on Architecture of Computing Systems). It became a tradition to organize the Prague Stringology Conference every year in September.
	 


 


Important Links
Sitemap
Contacts



Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube



Questions and comments
webmaster@fit.cvut.cz



 

 



      Last modified: 1.3.2019, 12:12      
           
                          
       






agueBefore&after arrival guideAccommodationVisaCTU Card OfficeInternational Students ClubContact us


CTU  FEE  Admissions  Open Day



Open Day
Our Open Day is a great opportunity to come and see the University for yourself.
You can also explore the campus, learn more about the range of degrees available and ask questions about admissions, accommodation and job prospects.
You can find out about student life in Prague from the people who know it the best - our students and staff.

The next Open Day will be hold on November 9, 2018 and February 8, 2019.
What to expect
At our Open Days, you can:

explore the university, labs and facilities and get a taste of student life
attend subject information talks to find out more about the degree you would like to study
meet and speak to current students and members of academic staff
find out more about us, have your queries answered and get a feel for what it would be like to be a student with us
Can't make Open Day?
You can also visit the University at other times. For more information, please contact us at pr@fel.cvut.cz.


Prague 6 - Dejvice, Technická 2  

Prague 2 - Nové Město, Karlovo náměstí 13  
 



				Responsible person: 
				doc. Ing. Jiří Jakovenko, Ph.D.







Social Networks









Other links

[E]
Contact
Forum
Technical support
Site Map






