https://fit.cvut.cz/en/fakulta/historie







česky
english



Czech Technical University in Prague



Faculty of Information Technology






Search this site

Search this site: 












Faculty
Prospective Students
Partners
Student
Employees
Media





Structure
Official notice board
Int. relations
Research
History
Academic Senate
Contacts
Events









 
 › CTU » FIT  » Fakulta » History Novinky    News


History 
1 July 2009
Faculty of Information Technology has been officially established as the eighth faculty of the Czech Technical University in Prague.

28 April 2009
The Rector has submitted to the Ministry of Education all relevant documents approved by the CTU Academic Senate, including its resolution establishing the Faculty of Information Technology.

22 April 2009
CTU Academic Senate has approved the establishment of the Faculty of Information Technology of the Czech Technical University in Prague.

7 April 2009
Accreditation Committee of the Ministry of Education has agreed to the establishment of the Faculty of Information Technology and to the accreditation of the Informatics bachelor degree programme to be offered by this faculty.

20 January 2009
CTU Scientific Board has approved the Informatics bachelor degree study programme.

4 November 2008
CTU Scientific Board discussed the Informatics programmes in bachelor, master and doctoral study. Due to the insufficient number of members present, the vote on the resolution has been postponed to the next session on 20 January 2009.

29 October 2008
CTU Academic Senate has discussed the accreditation proposal regarding the Informatics bachelor, master and doctoral degree programmes to be offered by the Faculty of Information Technology, and expressed its favourable opinion.

29 October 2008
Leading ICT companies have expressed their support for the establishment of the Faculty of Informatics at CTU.

22 October 2008
CTU Rector has presented the complete accreditation materials to the members of the CTU Scientific Board, to be approved on the next meeting on 4 November 2008.

24 September 2008
Due to the insufficient number of members present, the CTU Academic Senate did not discuss the presented Informatics programmes. The discussion is postponed to the next meeting scheduled on 29 October 2008.

10 September 2008
CTU Rector presented the accreditation materials and programme descriptions regarding the FI bachelor, master and doctoral degree programmes to the CTU Academic Senate. These materials must be discussed by the Academic Senate before they can be approved by the CTU Scientific Board.

6 May 2008
An informatory meeting of the FI project team, CTU Rector prof. Havlí&ccaronek and representatives of the ICT industry and companies took place.

25 April 2008
Prof. Tvrdík presented the plan as well as the fundamental theses of the future Faculty of Informatics to the FEE Academic Senate.

8 April 2008
A press conference regarding the launch of the FI CTU project took place.

31 March 2008
The website of the future Faculty of Informatics (provisional name) of the Czech Technical University in Prague has been launched. It presents the FI CTU project to the CTU academic community as well as the general public. 



 


Important Links
Sitemap
Contacts



Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube



Questions and comments
webmaster@fit.cvut.cz



 

 



      Last modified: 21.9.2009, 17:19      
           
                          
       






rství FIT ČVUT.
„Propojování souvisejících datových zdrojů přispívá ke správné interpretovatelnosti dat. Velké částky v rozpočtech mohou mít přímou souvislost s velikostí organizace. Provoz nebo obsazenost parkovacích míst nás bude zase zajímat v souvislosti s organizací sportovní nebo kulturní události. Toto propojování přináší výhody i původním datovým zdrojům v podobě přidaného kontextu,“ dodává Ing. Jaroslav Kuchař, Ph.D., vedoucí laboratoře.
V laboratoři budou řešeny také úlohy na zpracování textu, protože například v registru smluv je k dispozici velké množství strojově čitelných dokumentů. Je tak možné řešit kategorizaci dokumentů, hledat adresy, kontaktní údaje a společné části v dokumentech v rozsahu srovnatelném s komerčními aplikacemi. V případě zájmu ohledně účasti na slavnostním otevření kontaktujte PR oddělení, a to buď na telefonním čísle +420 224 359 819, nebo prostřednictvím e-mailu pr@fit.cvut.cz.
Kontakt
Tiskovou zprávu vydala Fakulta informačních technologií Českého vysokého učení technického v Praze. Kontaktní osobou je Ing. Petra Svobodová Hejlová z PR oddělení.



Ing. Petra Svobodová Hejlová
PR referentka

 pr@fit.cvut.cz
 +420 22435 9819
 T9:313




Osoba zodpovědná za obsah této stránky

Bc. Veronika Dvořáková, veronika.dvorakova@fit.cvut.czPR referentka




 


Důležité odkazy
Mapa stránek
Kontakty
Partneři
Časopis Buď FIT



Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube



Připomínky a náměty
webmaster@fit.cvut.cz



 

 



      Poslední změna: 13.2.2019, 17:02      
           
                          
       






