http://bilakniha.cvut.cz/en/predmet1601406.html





Loading...
CZECH TECHNICAL UNIVERSITY IN PRAGUESTUDY PLANS2018/2019 
Select period:
Next period
Actual period
Faculties |
         School elective courses |
         ECTS courses catalogue
         | Settings
         | 











Česká verze
Welcome page >
         Faculty of Information Technology >
         Department of Information Security >
         Quantum Information and Quantum Cryptography


Quantum Information and Quantum Cryptography
Login to KOS for course enrollment Display time-table


Code
Completion
Credits
Range


PI-KIK
ZK
4
0+3



Lecturer:

Tutor:
Čestmír Burdík (guarantor)
            
Supervisor:
Department of Information Security
Synopsis:


The module deals with the processing of quantum information, quantum computing, quantum communication from the viewpoint of
                  security, and quantum cryptography. The students learn how specific laws of quantum physics and quantum properties of microscopic
                  world can achieve the objectives classically intractable, or solve  some problems more efficiently.
               


Requirements:

Syllabus of lectures:


1. Quantum physical foundation of quantum computing.
2. Hilbert space, operators, projection operators, density matrix for the statistical mixture and a subsystem of a larger
                  quantum system.
               
3. Quantum nonlocality, quantum correlations - „entanglement“, the degree of entanglement - the entropy, the impossibility
                  of immediate transmission of information.
               
4. Quantum random number generator.
5. Quantum teleportation, quantum dense coding - principles,  experiments.
6. Quantum cryptography - principle, BB84, „single photon“ and „two photon“ method, the state-of-the-art.
7. Quantum computers: the complexity computation, qubit, quantum gates.
8. A quantum algorithm for factorization.
9. Applications of quantum algorithms.


Syllabus of tutorials:

Study Objective:


To develop practical and theoretical knowledge from the area of computer security using the latest global trends in the field
                  of quantum information processing and cryptography.
               


Study materials:


J. Gruska : Quantum computing, McGraw-Hill, 1999.
Tittel, W. and Zbinden, H.: Quantum Cryptography, 2001.
G. Alber et al.: Quantum Information, Springer, Berlin, 2001.
Peres: Quantum Theory: Concepts and Methods, Kluwer, Dordrecht,1996.
M.A. Nielsen, I.L. Chuang: Quantum Computation and Quantum Information, Cambridge Univ. Press, Cambridge, 2000.


Note:
Time-table for winter semester 2018/2019:
Time-table is not available yet
Time-table for summer semester 2018/2019:
Time-table is not available yet
The course is a part of the following study plans:


Informatics (doctoral) (compulsory elective course)
                  
Informatics (compulsory elective course)
                  





Data valid to 2019-04-26


            Copyright © Jiří Kosek, 2010–2012 | 
            Copyright © ČVUT, 2010–2012
            Hosted by Výpočetní a informační centrum ČVUT
Send your questions and comments to  HelpDesk ČVUT or to spravcekos@cvut.cz


For updated information see http://bilakniha.cvut.cz/en/predmet1601406.html

 Show course group codes
         

