https://fit.cvut.cz/fakulta/pravidelne_akce/prednaskovy-cyklus-prof-svobody/Sahni







česky
english



České vysoké učení technické v Praze



Fakulta informačních technologií






Hledání

Hledání: 












Fakulta
Aktuálně
Zájemci o studium
Student
Zaměstnanec
Média





Kalendář
Akce a události
Soutěže
Projekty









 
 › ČVUT » FIT  » Aktuálně » Akce a události » Přednášky a semináře » Přednáškový cyklus prof. Svobody » Sartaj Sahni Novinky    News




Přehled pravidelných akcí
Konference pořádané a spolupořádané FIT
Přednášky a seminářeInformatické večery
Přednáškový cyklus prof. Svobody
jsDev Meetups
SEDMA
aDev Meetups
Grafické čtvrtky
Czech Scala Enthusiasts
SKAMATI
Microsoft Student Partner
Jednorázové akce

Akce pro zájemce o studium
Sportovní akce
Ostatní akce





Prof. Sartaj Sahni 





			Sartaj Sahni is a Distinguished Professor of Computer and Information Sciences and Engineering at the University of Florida. He is also a member of the European Academy of Sciences, a Fellow of IEEE, ACM, AAAS, and Minnesota Supercomputer Institute, and a Distinguished Alumnus of the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur. 

			 

			In 1997, he was awarded the IEEE Computer Society Taylor L. Booth Education Award "for contributions to Computer Science and Engineering education in the areas of data structures, algorithms, and parallel algorithms'', and in 2003, he was awarded the IEEE Computer Society W. Wallace McDowell Award "for contributions to the theory of NP-hard and NP-complete problems''. Dr. Sahni was awarded the 2003 ACM Karl Karlstrom Outstanding Educator Award for "outstanding contributions to computing education through inspired teaching, development of courses and curricula for distance education, contributions to professional societies, and authoring significant textbooks in several areas including discrete mathematics, data structures, algorithms, and parallel and distributed computing.'' 

			 

			Dr. Sahni has published over three hundred research papers and written 15 texts. His research publications are on the design and analysis of efficient algorithms, parallel computing, interconnection networks, design automation, and medical algorithms. He is presently the Editor-in-Chief of ACM Computing Surveys.    

			 


 


 


Důležité odkazy
Mapa stránek
Kontakty
Partneři
Časopis Buď FIT



Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube



Připomínky a náměty
webmaster@fit.cvut.cz



 

 



      Poslední změna: 26.10.2015, 13:13      
           
                          
       






