https://fit.cvut.cz/fakulta/pravidelne_akce/prednaskovy-cyklus-prof-svobody/Zorian







česky
english



České vysoké učení technické v Praze



Fakulta informačních technologií






Hledání

Hledání: 












Fakulta
Aktuálně
Zájemci o studium
Student
Zaměstnanec
Média





Kalendář
Akce a události
Soutěže
Projekty









 
 › ČVUT » FIT  » Aktuálně » Akce a události » Přednášky a semináře » Přednáškový cyklus prof. Svobody » Dr. Yervant Zorian Novinky    News




Přehled pravidelných akcí
Konference pořádané a spolupořádané FIT
Přednášky a seminářeInformatické večery
Přednáškový cyklus prof. Svobody
jsDev Meetups
SEDMA
aDev Meetups
Grafické čtvrtky
Czech Scala Enthusiasts
SKAMATI
Microsoft Student Partner
Jednorázové akce

Akce pro zájemce o studium
Sportovní akce
Ostatní akce





Dr. Yervant Zorian 


	Dr. Zorian is a Fellow and Chief Architect at Synopsys, Mountain View, California. Formerly, he was Distinguished Member of Technical Staff AT&T Bell Laboratories, Vice President and Chief Scientist of Virage Logic and Chief Technologist at LogicVision Inc. He received an MS degree in Computer Engineering from University of Southern California, a PhD in Electrical Engineering from McGill University, and an MBA from Wharton School of Business, University of Pennsylvania. 

	 

	He is currently the President of IEEE Test Technology Technical Council (TTTC), the Past General Chair of the Design Automation Conference (DAC), the Editor-in-Chief Emeritus of Design & Test of Computers, the founder & chair of IEEE 1500 Standardization Working Group, and an Adjunct Professor at University of British Columbia. He served on the Board of Governors of Computer Society and CEDA, and as the Vice President of IEEE Computer Society. He has been founder and chair of a number of workshops and symposia, including the IEEE Workshops on 3D-IC Testing, Design-for-Manufacturability & Yield, Latin American Test Workshop, and East-West Design & Test Symposium. 

	 

	Dr. Zorian holds 32 US patents, authored 4 books, published over 300 refereed papers and received numerous best paper awards. A Fellow of the IEEE since 1999, Dr. Zorian was the 2005 recipient of the prestigious Industrial Pioneer Award for his contribution to Built-in Self-Test (BIST), and the 2006 recipient of the IEEE Hans Karlsson Award for diplomacy. He is a member of the Academy of Sciences of Armenia. He received the IEEE Distinguished Services Award for leading the Test Technology Technical Council (TTTC). 


 


Důležité odkazy
Mapa stránek
Kontakty
Partneři
Časopis Buď FIT



Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube



Připomínky a náměty
webmaster@fit.cvut.cz



 

 



      Poslední změna: 9.2.2017, 16:34      
           
                          
       










 

 



      Poslední změna: 15.1.2019, 11:09      
           
                          
       






O přednášejících:

Pavel Kordík – https://about.me/kordik
Jan Šedivý – http://jsedivy.blogspot.cz
Petr Baudiš – http://pasky.or.cz

 
Informatické večery FIT je cyklus přednášek a workshopů určený studentům a pracovníkům FIT ČVUT i ostatních fakult a široké odborné veřejnosti. Vstup je zdarma.


 


Důležité odkazy
Mapa stránek
Kontakty
Partneři
Časopis Buď FIT



Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube



Připomínky a náměty
webmaster@fit.cvut.cz



 

 



      Poslední změna: 12.4.2019, 9:31      
           
                          
       






