https://fit.cvut.cz/fakulta/pravidelne_akce/prednaskovy-cyklus-prof-svobody/gaudiot







česky
english



České vysoké učení technické v Praze



Fakulta informačních technologií






Hledání

Hledání: 












Fakulta
Aktuálně
Zájemci o studium
Student
Zaměstnanec
Média





Kalendář
Akce a události
Soutěže
Projekty









 
 › ČVUT » FIT  » Aktuálně » Akce a události » Přednášky a semináře » Přednáškový cyklus prof. Svobody » Jean-Luc Gaudiot Novinky    News




Přehled pravidelných akcí
Konference pořádané a spolupořádané FIT
Přednášky a seminářeInformatické večery
Přednáškový cyklus prof. Svobody
jsDev Meetups
SEDMA
aDev Meetups
Grafické čtvrtky
Czech Scala Enthusiasts
SKAMATI
Microsoft Student Partner
Jednorázové akce

Akce pro zájemce o studium
Sportovní akce
Ostatní akce





Prof. Jean-Luc Gaudiot 

Professor, Department of Electrical  Engineering and Computer Science, University of California – Irvine

http://pascal.eng.uci.edu/people/gaudiot.html

	 

	Fellow, IEEE, 1999

	Fellow, AAAS, 2007

	 

	Professor Jean-Luc Gaudiot received the Diplôme d'Ingénieur from the École Supérieure d'Ingénieurs en Electronique et Electrotechnique, Paris, France in 1976 and the M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in Computer Science from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1977 and 1982, respectively.

	 

	He is currently a Professor in the Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Department at the University of California, Irvine.  He was Chair of the Department from 2003 to 2009. During his tenure, the department underwent significant changes. These include the hiring of twelve new faculty members (three senior professors) and the remarkable rise in the US News and World Report® rankings of the Computer Engineering program from 42 to 28 (46 to 36 for the Electrical Engineering program).

	 

	Prior to joining UCI in January 2002, he was a Professor of Electrical Engineering at the University of Southern California since 1982, where he served as Director of the Computer Engineering Division for three years.  He has also designed distributed microprocessor systems at Teledyne Controls, Santa Monica, California (1979-1980) and performed research in innovative architectures at the TRW Technology Research Center, El Segundo, California (1980-1982).  He frequently acts as consultant to companies that design high-performance computer architectures, and has served as an expert witness in patent infringement and product liability cases. His research interests include multithreaded architectures, fault-tolerant multiprocessors, and implementation of reconfigurable architectures.  He has published over 200 journal and conference papers.  His research has been sponsored by NSF, DoE, and DARPA, as well as a number of industrial organizations.

	 

	From 2006 to 2009, he was the first Editor-in-Chief of the IEEE Computer Architecture Letters, a new publication of the IEEE Computer Society, which he helped found to the end of facilitating short, fast turnaround of fundamental ideas in the Computer Architecture domain. From 1999 to 2002, he was the Editor-in-Chief of the IEEE Transactions on Computers. In June 2001, he was elected chair of the IEEE Technical Committee on Computer Architecture, and re-elected in June 2003 for a second two-year term. In 2009, he was elected to the Board of Governors of the IEEE Computer Society for a 3-year-term. He was the Chair of the IEEE Computer Society Publications Board Transactions Operations Committee (2010-2011), the Chair of the IEEE Computer Society Publications Board Magazines Operations Committee in 2012, and is now IEEE Computer Society vice President, Educational Activities Board.

	 

	Dr. Gaudiot is a member of AAAS, ACM, and IEEE. He has also chaired the IFIP Working Group 10.3 (Concurrent Systems). He was co-General Chairman of the 1992 International Symposium on Computer Architecture, Program Committee Chairman of the 1993 IFIP Working Conference on Architectures and Compilation Techniques for Fine and Medium Grain Parallelism, the 1993 IEEE Symposium on Parallel and Distributed Processing (Systems Track), the 1995 Parallel Architectures and Compilation Techniques Conference (PACT ‘95), the High Performance Computer Architecture conference in 1999 (HPCA-5), and the 2005 International Parallel and Distributed Processing Symposium.

	 

	In 1999, he became a Fellow of the IEEE, “For Contributions to the Programmability and Reliability of Dataflow Architectures.”  He was elevated to the rank of AAAS Fellow in 2007, “For Distinguished Contributions to the Design and Analysis of Highly Efficient Multiprocessor and Memory System Architectures.”

	 

	In his spare time, Dr. Gaudiot combines his passion for aviation with his love for teaching and he is an active flight instructor (both primary and instrument).


 


Důležité odkazy
Mapa stránek
Kontakty
Partneři
Časopis Buď FIT



Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube



Připomínky a náměty
webmaster@fit.cvut.cz



 

 



      Poslední změna: 26.10.2015, 13:14      
           
                          
       






