https://fit.cvut.cz/informaticky-vecer_2014-04-14







česky
english



České vysoké učení technické v Praze



Fakulta informačních technologií






Hledání

Hledání: 












Fakulta
Aktuálně
Zájemci o studium
Student
Zaměstnanec
Média





Kalendář
Akce a události
Soutěže
Projekty









 
 › ČVUT » FIT  » Aktuálně » Akce a události » Přednášky a semináře » Informatické večery » Archiv » LS 2013/2014 » 3D Printing, a Short History and a Lot of Future Novinky    News




Přehled pravidelných akcí
Konference pořádané a spolupořádané FIT
Přednášky a seminářeInformatické večery
Přednáškový cyklus prof. Svobody
jsDev Meetups
SEDMA
aDev Meetups
Grafické čtvrtky
Czech Scala Enthusiasts
SKAMATI
Microsoft Student Partner
Jednorázové akce

Akce pro zájemce o studium
Sportovní akce
Ostatní akce





3D Printing, a Short History and a Lot of Future 




Přednáška:

				3D Printing, a Short History and a Lot of Future



Přednášející:

				Dolf Veenvliet



Datum a čas:

				14. dubna 2014, 18–19:30 hodin



Místo:

				FIT ČVUT v Praze, Thákurova 9, NB ČVUT, posluchárna T9:107



Jazyk:

				Angličtina



Přidejte se k nám a sdílejte pozvánku na  Facebooku!
 
Obsah přednášky:
3D Printing is a term that you might be reading a lot. A lot of things make the news because they have been 3D printed for the first time. A woman recently got her entire skull replaced by a 3D printed copy. Your grandparents may well get a 3D printed hearing device. A duck had his entire foot replaced! People are working hard on printing entire homes and even a car. What does all this mean… are we replacing traditional manufacturing with new means? Or… may we create completely new products, and perhaps start thinking about them in a completely new way? In this lecture we’ll have a look at what is happening, and, how it might reach all our homes. How maybe, you can use it yourself.
The lecture consists of:


		What is 3D Printing?

		A short history of 3D Printing (both technological and personal).

		How free software and hardware are integral to 3D Printing.

		What printers there are.

		What this new technology means to the way we manufacture/make things.

		How design is changing because of 3D Printing (generative design and customisation).

		What is to come.

		How you can get involved and or, how you can get something printed yourself.

		Questions/discussion.

 
Stručný životopis přednášejícího:
Dolf Veenvliet has a degree in Monumental art. He has been working with 3D and generative design for over a decade. A large section of this period he spent specialising in 3D print related productions. Both together with other designers and companies (for instance shapeways) and on his own projects. In 2013 he worked with the Blender Foundation to create the Blender for 3D Printing training DVD. He currently specialises in generative design and customisation of products.
Some links to Dolf’s own projects:

http://www.macouno.com
http://www.entoforms.com
http://www.shapewright.com
http://www.uwatela.com

 
Informatické večery FIT je cyklus přednášek a workshopů určený studentům a pracovníkům FIT ČVUT i ostatních fakult a široké odborné veřejnosti. Vstup je zdarma.


 


Důležité odkazy
Mapa stránek
Kontakty
Partneři
Časopis Buď FIT



Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube



Připomínky a náměty
webmaster@fit.cvut.cz



 

 



      Poslední změna: 16.4.2019, 15:31      
           
                          
       






